README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <img src="assets/logo.png" />
  <br>
  <a href="#examples">Examples</a> • 
  <a href="https://shark.fish/binocle.mp4">Screencast</a> • 
  <a href="#how-it-works">How it works</a> • 
  <a href="#installation">Installation</a>
</p>

*binocle* is a graphical tool to visualize binary data.
It colorizes bytes according to different rules and renders them as pixels in a rectangular grid.
This allows users to identify interesting parts in large files and to reveal image-like regions.

## Examples

| ELF binary | MS Teams memdump | Doom assets | `perf record` samples |
|---|---|---|---|
| <img src="assets/example-elf.png" width="200" /> | <img src="assets/example-teams-memdump.png" width="200" /> | <img src="assets/example-doom.png" width="200" /> | <img src="assets/example-perf-record.png" width="200" /> |

## Preview

[**Watch a short screencast here**](https://shark.fish/binocle.mp4)

<a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/sharkdp/binocle/master/assets/screenshot.png"><img src="assets/screenshot.png"></a>

## How it works

The program allows you to control various parameters like the *offset* into the file, the *stride*,
the *width* of the rectangular grid as well as the way in which (groups of) bytes are colorized.

<p align="center"><img src="assets/binary-view.png" /></p>

## Installation

### On Ubuntu

Download the appropriate `.deb` package from the [Release page](https://github.com/sharkdp/binocle/releases)
and install it via `dpkg`:
```
wget https://github.com/sharkdp/binocle/releases/download/v0.2.0/binocle_0.2.0_amd64.deb
sudo dpkg -i binocle_0.2.0_amd64.deb
```

### From binaries (Linux, macOS, Windows)

Download the corresponding archive from the [Release page](https://github.com/sharkdp/binocle/releases).

### With cargo (Linux, macOS, Windows)

binocle can be installed via [cargo](https://doc.rust-lang.org/cargo/):
```
cargo install binocle
```

## License

binocle is dual-licensed under the terms of the MIT License and the Apache License 2.0.

See the [LICENSE-APACHE](LICENSE-APACHE) and [LICENSE-MIT](LICENSE-MIT) files for details.

## Related work

  - [A Visual Study of Primitive Binary Fragment Types](http://www.rumint.org/gregconti/publications/taxonomy-bh.pdf)
  - [binvis.io](http://binvis.io/)
  - [cantor.dust](https://sites.google.com/site/xxcantorxdustxx/) ([talk](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4bM3Gut1hIk))
  - [veles.io](https://veles.io) ([GitHub [archived]](https://github.com/codilime/veles))

Commit message:

Update README.md about installation on Arch Linux

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <img src="assets/logo.png" />
  <br>
  <a href="#examples">Examples</a> • 
  <a href="https://shark.fish/binocle.mp4">Screencast</a> • 
  <a href="#how-it-works">How it works</a> • 
  <a href="#installation">Installation</a>
</p>

*binocle* is a graphical tool to visualize binary data.
It colorizes bytes according to different rules and renders them as pixels in a rectangular grid.
This allows users to identify interesting parts in large files and to reveal image-like regions.

## Examples

| ELF binary | MS Teams memdump | Doom assets | `perf record` samples |
|---|---|---|---|
| <img src="assets/example-elf.png" width="200" /> | <img src="assets/example-teams-memdump.png" width="200" /> | <img src="assets/example-doom.png" width="200" /> | <img src="assets/example-perf-record.png" width="200" /> |

## Preview

[**Watch a short screencast here**](https://shark.fish/binocle.mp4)

<a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/sharkdp/binocle/master/assets/screenshot.png"><img src="assets/screenshot.png"></a>

## How it works

The program allows you to control various parameters like the *offset* into the file, the *stride*,
the *width* of the rectangular grid as well as the way in which (groups of) bytes are colorized.

<p align="center"><img src="assets/binary-view.png" /></p>

## Installation

### On Ubuntu

Download the appropriate `.deb` package from the [Release page](https://github.com/sharkdp/binocle/releases)
and install it via `dpkg`:
```
wget https://github.com/sharkdp/binocle/releases/download/v0.2.0/binocle_0.2.0_amd64.deb
sudo dpkg -i binocle_0.2.0_amd64.deb
```

### On Arch Linux

binocle can be installed from the [community repository](https://archlinux.org/packages/community/x86_64/binocle/) using [pacman](https://wiki.archlinux.org/title/Pacman):

```
pacman -S binocle
```

### From binaries (Linux, macOS, Windows)

Download the corresponding archive from the [Release page](https://github.com/sharkdp/binocle/releases).

### With cargo (Linux, macOS, Windows)

binocle can be installed via [cargo](https://doc.rust-lang.org/cargo/):
```
cargo install binocle
```

## License

binocle is dual-licensed under the terms of the MIT License and the Apache License 2.0.

See the [LICENSE-APACHE](LICENSE-APACHE) and [LICENSE-MIT](LICENSE-MIT) files for details.

## Related work

  - [A Visual Study of Primitive Binary Fragment Types](http://www.rumint.org/gregconti/publications/taxonomy-bh.pdf)
  - [binvis.io](http://binvis.io/)
  - [cantor.dust](https://sites.google.com/site/xxcantorxdustxx/) ([talk](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4bM3Gut1hIk))
  - [veles.io](https://veles.io) ([GitHub [archived]](https://github.com/codilime/veles))
